Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
What's in the bag?
I can't say.
Pull yourself together!
Be quiet!
Where's the package? Where is it?
Tell us now or die a traitor!
Fuck you! You'll never find it.
Check the back.
See if anyone is still alive.
Find them right now!
Let's go!
Hey! Listen up...
If we can't find it. we are dead.
Hurry up!
Go to the right.
Over there!
Where is it?
Kinji?
Are you okay?
Sorry. I didn't mean to wake you. It's just...
What's going on? Where have you been?
Please. just sit down.
There's something I need to tell you.
You're worrying me.
What's going on?
Sakura. please just listen to me.
We have to leave Tokyo.
I'm so sorry. I didn't mean for this to happen.
- When?
- Tonight.
I'll explain more after we've left.
You just have to trust me.
Of course I trust you. But go where?
You mean to another house or city?
No. We have to leave Japan and move to London.
We have to leave now.
- London? But that's...
- l know. but we don't have another choice.
- Has it got something to do with your work?
- I can't say anymore here.
We have to leave right away.
Okay. I trust you.
I'll sort the kids out and pack everything.
I hope you've got a plan for us Kinji.
We can't let anything happen to them.
Of course I do. don't worry. Everything will be fine.
Nothing will happen to any of them.
I promise.
Okay.
Timmy. the food's ready.
Okay. got it.
Focus! No mistakes today.
Good night. Junpei.
Sweet dreams.
- How was everything?
- The food was great.
- Please send my compliments to the chef.
- Thank you so much.
How long have you had the restaurand for. may I ask?
Must be 3 years now!
Time certainly does fly.
Well you've certainly achieved a lot in 3 years.
Thank you. We're still growing!
My husband has a lot of ideas.
I can imagine.
That must be the chef?
Kinji.
This gentleman was just paying you
a very nice compliment.
Thank you so much.
My name is Kinji.
- Yasuyuki.
- It's a pleasure to have you here.
I've been trying to find a good
Japanese restaurant in London!
I see. You are welcome back anytime. Yasuyuki.
I will definitely be back. Thank you.
Well. we are closing the kitchen soon.
It was nice to meet you. Yasuyuki.
- Yes. Thank you.
- Excuse me.
- Lovely to meet you.
- And you.
Prawns. prawns. prawns...
Carrot...
Boss. join us!
Okay!
- What's going on in here!?
- Let's dance. Mio!
Prawns. prawns. prawns...
Sorry. boss. I'm so sorry.
Jinpei!
- Kinji. Good to see you.
- Yasuyuki.
I didn't know you had a son at the same school?
Yes. he started a few weeks ago.
What a coincidence!
- It's a great school. He's in safe hands.
- Yes. so I've heard.
You should stop by the restaurant again.
Bring your wife or a friend next time.
My wife is out of town at the moment...
but I may stop by again.
Thank you for the offer.
You're welcome. We also have a new menu.
New menu? That sounds very tempting.
- Okay. I'll see you tonight.
- Great! See you later. Yasuyuki.
Thank you. See you later.
Well hello again!
- Great to see you back so soon.
- Thank you. it's nice to be back.
Kinji told me about the new menu.
I would love to try it!
Yes. it's a little different to what you
might expect.
Is that right?
Looking forward to it.
Mio. Mio!
Hello!
Mio. take Yasuyuki to a table.
- This way. please.
- Sure.
Enjoy!
Here we go. best table in the house.
- Thank you. that's very kind.
- And here is a menu for you.
- Kinji.
- What's wrong?
Some strange men just walked into the restaurant.
They want to talk to you.
Why do they want to talk to me?
What do you mean?
They said they wanted to talk to the boss
and will wait until we're finished.
Who are they? What do they want?
I have no idea who they are.
Don't worry. I'll talk to them.
I'm sure it's just a misunderstanding...
and they have the wrong place.
It doesn't look like it!
They're drinking vodka.
Don't worry. Sakura. everything will be okay.
Let's finish the orders first.
As soon as we are done. take Mio home.
I will close up the restaurant. Okay?
Okay.
Just make sure they leave and don't come back.
- They are scaring our customers away.
- Understood.
Have you done your homework?
Yeah. but I haven't read the book
so I might get told off.
You haven't read it? I'm sure you'll be fine.
- Bye...
- Bye!
Right... I'm leaving.
Junpei. be a good boy.
See you at the restaurant.
I need to do a few things before we open.
- Okay. See you later.
- Bye bye.
Yasuyuki!
You're early!
- The restaurant isn't open yet...
- No problem. Kinji.
I was just passing by and thought
I would come to see you.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
- Here we go.
- Thank you.
How are things with you?
They are well. thank you.
Masaki is really enjoying his new school.
That's great to hear.
Maybe we can get our sons together again soon?
I'm sure Masaki would like that.
What about you? How's business going?
The restaurant seems to be doing very well.
Yes. it's going surprisingly well. thank you.
But...
But? Has something happened?
I'm sure it's nothing. but...
we had some trouble with a few Russian men.
Yes. I saw them come in.
What did they want?
Oh it's nothing really.
I know it's not my business.
but please let me know if there's anything I can help with.
When the Russians came.
they must have wanted something?
It was nothing really.
I understand how important this restaurant is to you.
I represent many businesses.
So I know how the Russians operate in London.
I see.
You're a lawyer?
Yes. I am.
I see.
I guess I'm still learning
how things operate in London.
Would you be willing to help me in some way
with the restaurant?
Of course.
You can reach me anytime...
and tell me how you think I can help.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
But. not here.
- My wife would start to worry if she heard us talk.
- That's okay.
Just let me know where and when you want to talk.
I'll be there.
My family means everything.
Family is important.
You must always protect them first.
Thank you.
I must get back to preparing for lunch.
You are welcome to stay as long as you need.
Sorry. it was Mio.
I'm worried they are going to do something.
Yasuyuki. I really need your help.
I can't risk anything happening to my family.
I think it might be a good idea for you
to join us for dinner
and get to know my family.
Would you do that Yasuyuki?
Great. I will send you our address.
See you soon.
See you boss. thanks for tonight.
I'll be back in next week.
I'm off on holiday tomorrow.
- Where are you off to again?
- Mexico. boss. Family re-union.
Oh that's right. Mexico.
Well enjoy the Tequilas!
Haha will do. Thanks boss.
Thanks!
Listen up. We must find him no matter what.
- This is your mission. Understood?
- Yes. sir.
- Boss.
- What is it?
It's for you. boss.
Yes. hello. what is it?
Everybody out. Now!
You've found him?
Where is he? London!?
Which restaurant?
I will send Kazuki to assist you.
Make sure you return what is ours.
no matter what.
Well done. you should be proud.
Prepare Kazuki. Send him to London immediately.
Make sure he brings the device back.
We have to finally put an end to this.
- Kinji Suzuki must die.
- Understood.
We've found him.
Eat some vegetables too.
You've really come a long way
with your cooking. Mio.
Thanks for prearing dinner tonight.
You haven't finished it yet. Mum!
Besides. I've learned from the best.
haven't I. Dad?
I'm not sure your father would consider
himself the best...
Well. I think both of your cooking is delicious.
I can definitely see you taking over
from your Dad one day.
Mio. can you answer the door?
- Would you like some?
- Thank you.
Kinji?
Cheers...
Are you eating vegetables?
- Hey everyone!
- Hello!
Akiho's here.
Did you cook this Mio?
Looks amazing!
- Please join us.
- Thank you.
Have some food.
Nice to see you.
- How are your parents?
- They are fine.
When did we see them last? 6 months ago?
- I heard you moved?
- Yes. we have.
- Where to?
- Just nearby.
Really?
How near? Walking distance?
About 10 minutes.
Really? You should come by more.
Mio didn't tell us.
Mio. who's that man?
Dad's new friend.
He often comes to the restaurant.
Don't you think he's handsome?
- Didn't know you like older men.
- Not like that. But he's very nice.
- Who made this miso soup?
- Mio. She cooked it all.
Except for the Nori seaweed...
Yeah. the seaweed and the pickles.
Isn't Mio's cooking great?
You should ask her to cook again.
Right. Mio?
So Yakuyuki. tell us more about your work.
Kinji tells me you're a lawyer?
How long have you been doing that?
Let me think...
Well I worked in this field for many years
back in Japan.
So maybe around 15-20 years.
Oh wow. you must be very experienced then.
Yasuyuki is going to help our family business.
Make sure everything's in order for us.
Really? Well we must be in very safe hands then.
- Would you like some more?
- Thank you. I feel drunk now.
Leave it!
- Yasuyuki! So good to see you.
- Good to see you too.
- I wanted to thank you for a lovely dinner.
- That's very sweet.
Your cooking was delicious. Mio.
Thank you. Yasuyuki.
Such beautiful flowers!
It was so lovely to have you over.
you must join us again.
It would be my pleasure.
- Maybe Junpei can cook next time!
- Maybe!
Kinji should be here soon
if you wanted to say hello?
That's okay. I have a few meetings to get to.
Send him my regards. See you again soon.
Thank you. I will do.
We'll look forward to seeing you soon.
- Thank you again for the flowers!
- You're welcome.
Bye.
- Look.
- They're beautiful.
Why do you always get the flowers!
I can't help being the best chef
in the family. Mum.
Good for you.
Yes. I'm making progress.
However the people I'm working with
over here are useless.
But rest assured. if they don't find him then I will.
Yes.
I will update you at the end of each day until I do.
- Kinji.
- Yasuyuki. Thanks for meeting me.
I wasn't expecting your call so soon.
You sounded worried.
Everything okay? You know I have an office...
No. not in your office.
I don't want anyone to know about this.
especially my family.
Anyway. you said you could help?
Of course. I can always help professionally.
I don't think the law's going to help me.
These men won't stop until they've bled my restaurant dry.
I can't let them do this to my family.
- I had to do something.
- Don't worry.
I have contacts in many different areas.
I can help you.
I need you to get me something.
Okay.
- Anything you need.
- Thank you.
Here. take these bags and pack
whatever you need to.
We need to leave right away.
Quick. Hurry!
Here...
Thank you.
Are you okay? I'm sorry.
Everything's going to be just fine.
Don't you worry Junpei.
Thank you for everything. Yasuyuki.
Kinji told us to trust you.
- I'm glad he has a friend like you.
- You're welcome.
It's a dangerous city.
We're all here for each other.
Is this your house Yasuyuki?
Kazuki...
- How did you find me?
- You're not that hard to find. Kinji.
You didn't think moving to the other side
of the world
would prevent us from finding you. did you?
- Give me that bag!
- What are you going to do with it?
You can't release it. no one would...
We'll decide what's best for it.
It was never yours to take. Kinji.
Yasuyuki! Are they okay?
Thank god.
Thank you. Thank you!
I'll be there as soon as I can.
- Kinji!
- Sakura!
Yasuyuki!
What are you doing!?
Put that gun down!
Sakura. are you okay?
Where is Junpei and Mio!?
Kinji...
Where's the device?
What device?
Don't play dumb Kinji!
I saw you put it in your backpack at the restaurant.
If you don't give it to me...
No. no!
Leave Sakura out of this! She's done nothing.
The backpack Kinji. I'm running out of patience.
Look. I don't have it anymore! Vincent has it.
He took it from me after he killed the Russians!
When?
Before I got here!
I led them all to a warehouse.
Why are you doing this Yasuyuki?
I trusted you...
Well. you were mistaken.
Give me that backpack
or your wife and kids will die.
No!
Where is Junpei. Mio?
They are tied up somewhere safe. for now.
How did you know about the backpack?
Didn't they teach you anything
in government intelligence?
I've been watching you all of this time. Kinji.
The night the Russians first came to your restaurant.
And who do you think sent Kazuki to find you.
You didn't think Hideshi would just let you go.
did you Kinji?
Make sure you return what is ours.
no matter what.
Well done. you should be proud.
You've been playing me this whole time?
Ever since...
Yes Kinji. ever since I first found you here in London.
- Well done for finally working it out.
- Stop.
I have it. It's in the back of my car.
I have to go outside to get it for you...
just leave my family alone.
Not so fast. Kinji. you will lead me to it.
I'm not that stupid.
Okay.
- Please!
- Shut up! I'm talking. Bring me to it now!
This way.
- Where is it?
- Over there.
- Hurry up!
- Okay.
It's inside the boot.
Hurry! Hurry up!
- It's inside the boot.
- Hurry up!
Okay.
Now let Sakura go and you can have the backpack.
I don't think you're in a position
to be making demands.
Oh yeah. how about now...
Stop!
One more move and I destroy the device.
If you don't believe me. you are welcome to try.
Let Sakura go and you can have the backpack.
I don't believe you. You would never...
Yasuyuki. whatever's inside doesn't mean
as much to me as my family.
I'm prepared to do whatever it takes
to make sure they are safe.
Sakura!
Sakura. are you okay?
I'm so sorry.
I never meant to put you through any of this.
Mio. Junpei!
Are you okay?
Junpei! Mio!
Kinji!